What are you doing?
You think 10 million is not enough
I won't run away without money
That's offensive.
They must pay in blood today
Forestry is enough
It's just a few of us here.
What are you still pretending to be hard?
Is Ray Xia really not against you?
Even our Qin family
I don't dare to confront Li Sanhuan head-on
And you also risked the Kunlun Star to host
Everything I say in forestry is true
I am really the new master of Kunlun
Dear, it's time to be afraid.
It's his cheapness, not mine.
Obviously, can you stop saying such things?
Do you know
Impersonating Fairy Kunlun is a major crime of copying the family
I will do my best to do this today.
I don't want to take you there.
Your artist is very good.
Even the world
The only thing that can cure a vegetative person
But in the face of withering helplessness
Even if you have a suicide note
You can't be tied to death either
You don't have to worry about that.
What are you still doing standing here?
Roll as far as you want
Talk nicely
He came out in a panic just to scold something
I have something unimportant to tell you
You have something to say
Three days later.
The loss-making sale will be held and launched.
Just try hard
No matter what the effort
As long as you can choose
It's still the same resource as Kunlun
What does this have to do with me?
Capital is over
That's part of the effort, too.
As long as you join the Kunlun lineage
If we ask for leave, we can enjoy the resources of Kunlun.
At that time, we will enjoy the resources of the Kunlun lineage
Maybe he can become the head of the four major families?
Are you not afraid that after I join the Kunlun lineage
Take back all the power in your hands
As long as you join, you can become the head of the four major families
My advantage
Get married, you have it now
This is an unprecedented opportunity
You mean anyone with ability can come and participate?